# Tiktok Hackathon 2023

Problem Statement : E-Commerce

Tools used : React Native

Short Abstract of the Porject: Implement a ranking system in TikTok where users can earn rewards by completing missions, such as inviting friends to use TikTok, making purchases, and more.

Group members: Luo Yu, Tan Xuan You, Chan Yon Nan, Lin Wei Lin

Explanation of the feature: 
When a user presses the crown button on the top right screen of the TikTok app's shop tab, they will be directed to the rewards page. On this page, the user can check their tiers and the number of Experience Points (EXP) they have earned. EXP is accumulative with no expiry date and can be earned through daily quests and playing the 'Snake and Ladder' game. In the 'Snake and Ladder' game, a personalized icon will indicate the user's path and current position. The boxes on the 'Snake and Ladder' indicate different (EXP) ranges. After exceeding the current range, the user will move on to the next box. When the user lands on the box with a ladder, he can invite a friend to download TikTok so as to move to the end of the ladder, earning a huge bonus of EXP. However, when a user lands on the snake tail, he has to ensure that he remembers to check in for 3 consecutive days or else he will move backwards and have his EXP deducted. 

Within the rewards page, users can tap the question mark button to access a description of how this tier feature works. The description page will include the details of all the different tiers. To elaborate, a user will automatically qualify for the bronze tier after making his first purchase on TikTok. In the Bronze tier, the user will enjoy a 5% shopping discount for all future purchases. For every $1 spent, he will earn 10 EXP. When the user hits 2,001 EXP, he will be upgraded to the Silver tier, where he will enjoy a 5% shopping discount and 3% cashback points for all future purchases. For every $1 spent, he will earn 12 EXP. When the user hits 6,001 EXP, he will be upgraded to the Gold tier, where he will enjoy a 7% shopping discount and 6% cashback points for all future purchases. For every $1 spent, he will earn 15 EXP. When the user hits 10,001 EXP, he will be upgraded to the Platinum tier, where he will enjoy a 10% shopping discount and 7% cashback points for all future purchases. For every $1 spent, he will earn 15 EXP.  Additionally, Gold tier and Platinum tier users are also entitled to Free Express Shipping. Cashback points can be used to deduct up to 60% of the total amount of products when the user makes a purchase. The points will expire six months from the date they were earned and any unused cashback points will be removed from his account.

There is also a 'Get more points' button that leads users to a page with Daily Quests and Achievements. Users can complete daily quests such as daily check-in, being online for 30 minutes, and inviting a friend, to earn bonus EXP. The achievement tab will show the progress of the user and the user can earn more bonus EXP when he unlocks an achievement.

Within the rewards page, users can tap the question mark button to access a description of how this feature works. There is also a 'Get more points' button that leads users to a page explaining various ways to earn more points.
